Some general advices from the Wesnoth forums (kudos Elvish Pillager+Tapik) and
from my own experience:

1. Keep your Akladian loyal units alive. 
2. Harvest XP for Lorin, Gawen and your loyal units. Lorin is a real killing
   machine when she has enough XP. She has skirmisher, so use it.
3. First two scenarios are for getting as much gold and as much XP as possible.
   Use this possibility. I balanced campaign assuming player have at least three
   Akladian loyal units from first three scenarios. It is possible to have five
   3rd level loyal units after first three scenarios, though it is hard and
   you have to be lucky and patient. But if you do not have two 3rd level loyal
   units and at least two 2nd level (on NORMAL, after Battle of Barnon), then
   it means you should reconsider your tactics. 
4. Clansmen are cheap. They die easily, but in some scenarios you may use them
   to keep your more valuable units alive. Also, you can use them to delay
   advance of enemies. They heal quickly, and deal reasonably amount of damage,
   they are deadly cheap. When you got enough gold, you can simply SWARM
   the enemy with Clansmen.
5. In some scenarios you get the advices, sometimes innocently hidden within a
   dialogue or someone's message. 
6. Some campaigns can be very quickly and easily finished --- for example,
   some leaders are cowards; some can be convinced to join you. 
7. Interrogate the enemy leaders. In one scenario it is possible to finish
   very early if you know which enemy leader should be interrogated first..
8. When facing Akladians, look at their weak points -- they are very low on HP,
   but they have high resistance... with some exceptions. In other words, as it
   was put in the forums, they hate mages for a reason. Also, note that Akladians
   have no ranged weapons. If you can attack them with ranged weapons, do it,
   they won't retaliate (and if they won't retaliate, your unit will have more HP, 
   and have greater chance to survive when Akladians strike back).
9. Don't rely on save/reload tactic. If you will, you will never become better
   player. All scenarios are winnable with suitable tactics, and they do not
   require a perfect playing. I am sloppy player, and I balanced a game
   so I can made errors, lose units and yet still win. So can you.
10.The HARD level of difficulty is for hardcore players. If you are no hardcore
   player, play it on normal. When I wrote "Impossible", I meant it. But then,
   if you are really a hardcore player, you may feel dissapointed (see 14. below).
11.In many scenarios the sensible tactics is to concentrate on a single enemy, and
   not (emphatically *not*) fighting with two or more in the same time.
12.Sometimes it's worth to not to recall units (unless they are loyal), and
   wait a bit. It saves gold.
13.Sometimes, even if you have all high 3-level units, it's worth to recruit
   peasants or clansman -- and treat them as live shields to protect your
   more valuable units (for example, AI may choose to target those, instead of
   finishing 3rd level unit. This is definetely AI algorithm weakness, so I 
   don't know how long this advice will be useful).
14.It is possible to have even 12 loyal 3rd level units. And with those,
   a lot of scenarios are simply walkovers, even on HARD.
15.Sometimes it is worth to leave some enemy units alive, just to get chance
   to earn more XP for other units. For example, if you are sure of victory,
   you may cease to attack enemy leader, so it could recruit more soldiers --
   meaning more XP for your troops :)
16.Finally, sometimes it is worth to NOT attack or move your units during your
   turn.  Even if with attack you may finish some enemy unit, even if it will
   cost your valuable loyal 3rd level unit only a single HP, this single HP may
   decide about life or death of your unit during enemy retaliation phase.
17.Usually you should play aggressively and defend only when necessary.

And remember: our only reward is the comment from the players. If you like it,
register in forums and praise it. If you didn't, register in forums and say what
you didn't like. 

Sometimes AI behaves VERY strange. It was tuned for wesnoth 0.9.3 and now...
Let's just say we (creator and maintainers) have no time to correct it, but if
someone has time, I will welcome the patches.

If you have more general advices, sent them to forum. GENERAL advice, i.e. not
of the kind "in scenario X do this". However, if you have a complete WALKTHROUGH,
we may include it within the campaign.

GENERAL REMARK
-------------- 
During last six years I had comments from different players, some of which
thought scenario X is too easy, while others were claiming it is too hard.  I
think I got at least dozen emails from players who killed Bor Cryne in the
first Battle of Barnon (at least three of them did that on HARD !! -- that's
why with every version of ANO [*], I try to make this scenario harder), or who
finished the last scenario before Grekulak appeared.  In at least one case
player complained that one scenario is too hard, but when I asked about his
strategy, it appeared he has chosen the worst possible tactics (he attacked
four enemy armies at the same time.. and he won the scenario anyway, but he
complained that this was due to luck). If the campaign is too hard, then play
it on EASY. I am not writing this because I am a jerk who refuses to listen
to players. I am writing this, because I got so many so different opinions and
I can't decide, whether the campaign is too easy or too hard.

Usually I start Battle of Barnon with 340-350 gold pieces and four 2nd level
troops. Last times I had two units with ten points away from advancing to 3rd
level on the beginning of battle of Barnon. In balancing, I assumed player has 
at least 250 gp in this scenario.
In Siege of Haeltin I have usually four 3rd level loyal Akladian troops.
Sometimes I also succeed in advancing Dunefolk troops, but usually only when
I am lucky. 

----------------------------------
[*] If you are Spanish, don't smile at this acronym. ANO means "yes" in Czech,
    for example, and it is used as "yes" sometimes in Polish too. When we will
    conquer Europe, it will mean "yes" also in Spanish :-D.

The scenarios, which I designed to be hard:

04 Battle of Barnon
09 Hired Swords (no longer hard in 1.2.7; it's a walkover with proper tactics now,
   will be changed in the future)
10 Siege of Haeltin (09 and 10 were dubbed "Lorin's wars" by one player. See
   also remark above)
19c Oracle (but here, only first 7 turns are hard. Not rebalanced in 1.2.7)
23 Trapped
27 Orannon 

05 ("The swamp things" and "Unexpected guests") are not designed to be hard and
   they are easily winnable with proper tactics (and enough high-level loyal
   akladians). In fact, they are boringly easy for me.

A.D.D.
