This campaign used to be translated into many, many languages. Unfortunately,
at the same time most text was written by non-native English speaker (meaning me),
and as an effect, native speakers were complaining about errors, typos etc. 
Finally, there came Sigil, and he corrected the English. As an effect, all
translations became outdated. Since I (usually) knew what was changed, I 
manually updated part of the translated strings, but I could be wrong.

If you like the campaign, please help us to make it better, so others can
enjoy it, too. Consider translation to your own language. It's a lot of work --
but you can translate just a bit, for example one or two scenarios, then others
can translate another bit, etc.

Read http://wiki.wesnoth.org/WesCamp 

If you are confused and you don't know what to do, send me an email at
adanilecki@cs.put.poznan.pl, I can sent you a .po file with strings which need
to be translated, and answer your questions.  

Finally, read the remarks below.

GUIDE FOR TRANSLATION
---------------------
* Akladians should speak in pompuous way, with a lot of emphasis etc.. I don't
  know whether that is achieved in English, since I am not a native speaker. But
  they should employ archaic words, archaic grammar etc. -- also they should talk 
  in a very epic-like manner.
* Lorin speaks fast and to the point, whenever possible.
* Karen may employ slang and more colloquialisms.
* Wesnothians may sometimes do grammar mistakes or confuse words. You are 
  encouraged to change some strings to make clear this is intentional, for 
  example in Polish, Wesnothians are consequently using different plural forms
  for "Akladians" and at one point I made one Akladian correct a Wesnothian,
  saying that the correct plural is different. Don't overdo it, though.
  Also when editing the original English, be sure to leave a translator's note
  starting with "po:" to indicate places where this happens.
* You are encouraged to make your own play on words, etc. You do not have to
  translate everything literally, just try to carry the same sense.
* English does not have high polite and impolite forms. If your language has
  polite and impolite forms, then make Akladians, Ruvio, Elves, Huon use polite
  forms. If your language have archaic and modern polite forms, use archaic. 
  E.g. use "Sie", "vous" or "Vy" not "Du", or "ty". 
* "Underling" should *not* be translated as "subhuman". In Polish, finally I stuck
  with "pariah" which was suggested by another Polish translator (Piotr Cychowski).
  You may create your own word.
